Document how resource types become defaults in Radius (#161)
radius-project/resource-types-contrib: README.md

    └── ...
```

## Default resource types in Radius

> Resource types in this repository are available for users to register manually via `rad resource-provider create`. A subset of these are also registered as defaults in Radius, meaning they are available out of the box without any user action.

Reviewer: I think we should leave out references to `rad resource-provider` CLI commands because we don't introduce that concept to users in this repo or elsewhere in Radius. The docs in this repo and the `make` commands use `rad resource-type create`

```suggestion
Resource types in this repository are available for users to register via `rad resource-type create`. A subset of these are also registered as defaults in Radius, meaning they are available out of the box without any user action.
```

Author: I agree. This was a miss, meant to add resource-type. Updated
